hi traders I'm often being asked how do
I find my trades and I think it's about
time to show you and this is really very
very simple like for example I showed
today WCG it was great rate just over
here sixty one ninety two break down and
look at that almost $2 continuation just
on these 5-minute candles that you're
seeing here just in 20 minutes or so and
the second great Raider here today is a
new GT and I shot it nu GT at 44
what was it 44 40 right over there
look at this very nice trade as well I
mean it moved all the way down to 42 34
we're talking $2 move here on a $40
stock so both of them were great rage
and how did I find them very simple look
at my comics top 20 screener
for example you will see here the losers
of the New York Stock Exchange and of
course I have the Nasdaq users and
gainers and so on so this is often a
screener I'm taking a look at at the
beginning of the trading day so you
won't find both of the meal like for
example if you take a look at WCG is on
the list
just right-click WCG and here it is it's
popping up right over there and of
course on the time and sell here and on
the level to the right over here
that's my stock box and if I want to
look for a new GT it should be right
over there
and here it is so just right click and
you GT and we come back to a new GT so
I'm just screening this list very simply
and I'm finding it this is not a big
deal and it's just over here and of
course this is just one of my tools
now the second most important tool that
I have is my trading room now what you
can see here is live live session in the
trading room you can see myself right
over here I'm one of the analysts in the
home and there's Reem and there's Scott
and there's plenty of traders right here
in the room and you can see their chat
going on right here and a lot of them
will be pointing out some stocks that I
should be considered considering like
Darin is putting up here kog under he
want to shot it under 1198 and TJ is
asking whether we should short WCG again
under 61 this all can be very
interesting trades like WCG was not my
choice today WC CG was one of the
traders Nathan in the room who pointed
out WCG and when I liked it I pointed it
over here so this is the announcements
whenever I'm pointing something it goes
here in the announcement it pops up on
your screens right over here and there
goes WCG for short under 60 190 for
example and plenty of other trades like
we shot at WCG three times you can see
under 60 30 and 61 60 and they were all
great trade in years and you GT that I
mentioned earlier so the home is a very
important tool for me it is a tool that
letting me know all the different
analysts and the different traders about
their picks and from there I'm choosing
some of my picks as well for example as
I mentioned WCG now in the warm you can
see my charges were like for example you
can see here a new GT now this is a very
simple tool I invite you all to join
there's a 14-day free trial and then if
you would like to join afterwards it's
120 dollars a month and we do have an
agreement with comics if you were comics
remember if you have an account with
comics or if you are on a pop team then
you don't have to pay for the room but
anyway it's a nice tool and you can all
join for 14 day trial you can all see my
email on the channels picture and you
can
even me so it's very simple to ask for
for this free trial and thank you very
much for watching and see you on my next
trade